---
title: Getting Help
description: Eventually, you could find an issue. Here's how to get help.
navigation.description: How to get help
navigation.icon: i-heroicons-lifebuoy-solid
---

At some point, you may find that there's an issue you need some help with.

But don't worry! UnJS is a friendly community of developers and who love to help.

## "I can't figure out how to (...)."

You've read through packages docs and you think it should be possible, but it's not clear how. The best thing is to open an issue to the package you're using.

Please don't feel embarrassed about asking a question that you think is easy - we've all been there! :yellow_heart:

Everyone you'll encounter is helping out because they care, not because they are paid to do so. The kindest thing to do is make it easy for them to help you. Here are some ideas:

* _Explain what your objective is, not just the problem you're facing._ "I need to ensure my form inputs are accessible, so I'm trying to get the ids to match between server and client." This helps people understand the bigger picture, and they might be able to suggest a better solution avoiding the [XY problem](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/XY_problem).

* _Make sure you've first read the docs and used your favorite search engine_. Let people know by saying something like "I've Googled for 'nuxt script setup' but I couldn't find code examples anywhere."

* _Explain what you've tried._ Tell people the kind of solutions you've experimented with, and why. Often this can make people's advice more relevant to your situation.

* _Share your code._ People probably won't be able to help if they just see an error message or a screenshot - but that all changes if you share your code in a copy/pasteable format - preferably in the form of a minimal reproduction like a CodeSandbox.

And finally, just ask the question! There's no need to [ask permission to ask a question](https://dontasktoask.com) or [wait for someone to reply to your 'hello'](https://www.nohello.com). If you do, you might not get a response because people are waiting for the whole question before engaging.

## "Could there be a bug?"

Something isn't working the way that the docs say that it should. You're not sure if it's a bug. You've searched through the [issues](https://github.com/issues?q=is%3Aissue+archived%3Afalse+sort%3Aupdated-desc+user%3Aunjs) and [pulls](https://github.com/issues?q=is%3Apull+archived%3Afalse+sort%3Aupdated-desc+user%3Aunjs+) of UnJS but you can't find anything. _If there is a closed issue, please create a new one._

We recommend taking a look at [how to report bugs](/community/reporting-bugs). UnJS is active, and every issue helps make it better.
